[Edit] JavaScript Add Codebytes Issue: #2405 (#2495)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/map/terms/delete/delete.md

```

The first `.delete()` statement returns `true` because `fruits` contain an entry with `Oranges` as a key and has successfully removed it. The second statement returns `false` because an entry with the `Strawberries` key does not exist in `fruits`.

## Codebyte Example

> In the example below, we declare a new inventory `Map` of consumable construction supplies linking them to their current quantities on hand. Throughout this program:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we declare a new inventory `Map` of consumable construction supplies linking them to their current quantities on hand. Throughout this example:
```

Author: Good catch. Updated.

> In the example below, we declare a new inventory `Map` of consumable construction supplies linking them to their current quantities on hand. Throughout this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the code below, a new inventory `Map` of consumable construction supplies catalogs the current quantities on hand. In this example:
```

Reviewer 2: generally we avoid the use of first and second person pronouns in docs (I, you, we)

Author: I didn't even consider that! Great catch.

- Bob will log that he used a roll of tape by updating its value using the [`.set()` method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/map/set).

> - Bob noticed he used the last roll so he will remove it from the map using the [`.delete()` method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/map/delete). He feels confident it worked correctly due to `true` being displayed in the console output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bob noticed he used the last roll so he will remove it from the map using the `.delete()` method. He feels confident it worked correctly due to `true` being displayed in the console output.
```

> - Manny notices that there are no Tape Rolls left, but he doesn't know Bob already called the [`.delete()` method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/map/delete). He attemps to delete it and notices the console outputs `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Manny notices that there are no Tape Rolls left, but he doesn't know Bob already called the `.delete()` method. He attemps to delete it and notices the console outputs `false`.
```

```codebyte/js
const inventory = new Map([
  ['Nail', '1,000'],
  ['Tape Roll', '1'],
  ['Brick', '5,000']
]);

console.log('Inventory map size: ', inventory.size);

console.log('Bob uses a tape roll.');
inventory.set('Tape Roll', '0');
console.log('We ran out of tape ', inventory.get('Tape Roll'));

console.log('Deleting tape from the map...');

> console.log(inventory.delete('Tape Roll')); // Output: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log(inventory.delete('Tape Roll')); 
```

Reviewer 2: this is a runnable code block, so, we don't need to comment the output

console.log('Updated inventory map size: ', inventory.size);

console.log('Deleting tape again from the map...');

> console.log(inventory.delete('Tape Roll')); // Output: false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log(inventory.delete('Tape Roll'));
```
